Update guide for GRASS algorithms (#53050)
qgis/QGIS: python/plugins/grassprovider/grass7.txt

"None" can be used for both min and max values to indicate that there is no lower
or upper limit.

Example: QgsProcessingParameterNumber|levels|levels|QgsProcessingParameterNumber.Integer|1|256|32|False

- A numerical range

QgsProcessingParameterRange|[name of GRASS parameter]|[description of parameter to show]|QgsProcessingParameterNumber.Integer or QgsProcessingParameterNumber.Double|[default minimum and maximum values, separated by comma]|[True/False, indicating if the parameter is optional or not]

- A string

QgsProcessingParameterString|[name of GRASS parameter]|[description of parameter to show]|[default value]|[True/False, indicating if the parameter is optional or not]

- A value to select from a list

QgsProcessingParameterEnum|[name of GRASS parameter]|[description of parameter to show]|[list of possible values, separated by semicolons]|[True/False, AJH: what does this indicate?]|[zero-based index of default value]|[True/False, indicating if the parameter is optional or not]

- A boolean value

Example: QgsProcessingParameterBoolean|-c|-c|False

- Outputs

Raster outputs are added with the following syntax:

> QgsProcessingParameterRasterDestination|[name of GRASS output]|[description of output to show]|[Default value, or None]|[True/False, indicating if the parameter is optional or not]

Reviewer: Add example ?

Author: added

Vector outputs are added with the following syntax:

QgsProcessingParameterVectorDestination|[name of GRASS output]|[description of output to show]|vector type|[Default value, or None]|[True/False, indicating if the parameter is optional or not]

The following types are available

QgsProcessing.TypeVectorLine
QgsProcessing.VectorLine
QgsProcessing.VectorPolygon

> QgsProcessing.TypeVectorAnyGeometry

Author: added

*ParameterBoolean|-c|-c|True

ADVANCED PROCESSING
--------------------------

To save the console output from GRASS to file, simply create a QgsProcessingParameterFileDestination parameter named 'html'

Example: QgsProcessingParameterFileDestination|html|List of addons|Html files (*.html)|addons_list.html|False

> To add additional logic to an algorithm, like a preliminary check on  data, the use of more than one GRASS command,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add additional logic to an algorithm, like a preliminary check on data, the use of more than one GRASS command,
```

or a transformation of output data, then you need to use the ext mechanism. 

There are 4 different levels where you can add logic: 
- Checking the input parameters, e.g. if you want to verify that two mutually exclusive options have not been both enabled. 
- Processing inputs import: if you need to do more than importing input layers. 
- Processing the command itself: if you need to chain more than one GRASS command for your algorithm. 
- Processing the outputs: if you need to do special things before exporting layers or if you need special export methods. 

> Whenever you want to add some logic on one (or more) level(s), you have to create a .py file named according to the algorithm name in python/plugins/processing/algs/grass7/ext, replacing '.' with '_'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you want to add some logic on one (or more) level(s), you have to create a .py file named according to the algorithm name in python/plugins/grassprovider/ext, replacing '.' with '_'.
```

Then you need to create methods using the respective names:
- Input parameters: checkParameterValuesBeforeExecuting
- Inputs import: processInputs
- Command: processCommand
- Outputs: processOutputs

> If there is a Python file with the algorithm name in the ext directory, methods will be imported from the file and run instead of the common methods (there are "standard" processCommand/processInputs/processOutputs/checkParameterValuesBeforeExecuting methods in the code of the GRASS provider for QGIS Processing, in python/plugins/processing/algs/grass7/Grass7Algorithm.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a Python file with the algorithm name in the ext directory, methods will be imported from the file and run instead of the common methods (there are "standard" processCommand/processInputs/processOutputs/checkParameterValuesBeforeExecuting methods in the code of the GRASS provider for QGIS Processing, in python/plugins/grassprovider/Grass7Algorithm.py).
```

> If there is a Python file with the algorithm name in the ext directory, methods will be imported from the file and run instead of the common methods (there are "standard" processCommand/processInputs/processOutputs/checkParameterValuesBeforeExecuting methods in the code of the GRASS provider for QGIS Processing, in python/plugins/processing/algs/grass7/Grass7Algorithm.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a Python file with the algorithm name in the ext directory, methods will be imported from the file and run instead of the common methods (there are "standard" processCommand/processInputs/processOutputs/checkParameterValuesBeforeExecuting methods in the code of the GRASS provider for QGIS Processing, in python/plugins/grassprovider/Grass7Algorithm.py).
```
